---
title: Don't sugercoat prostitution
date: 2019-12-11 12:54:21
tags: ["prostitution"]
categories: ["课程论文"]
---
Are you willing to touch a stranger’s body, especially that this person is far from fit or handsome, but a 40 to 60-year-old bald and greasy guy? Would you choose to sell your body when you run out of money? Will you teach your kids that if they do struggle for life, then enter the sex industry and earn a good fortune? Can you accept that your husband pays some 20-year-old teenagers to satisfy his sexual desire?

If you frown and oppose all of these, then what makes you think that selling sex can be regarded as a normal job? If something is counter-intuitive, then we have to be extra careful about it.

In the article “a personal choice”, the author fervently believes that sex work is just work. He or she supports the idea with generally three points: point one, most of these prostitutes are not victims, they choose to do this on their own; point two, thanks to the free-market power, everyone will be safer; point three, we can never eliminate the demand, so instead, we should embrace it. Moreover, the author emphasizes that prostitution, sex trafficking, and sexual assaults should be treated separately, even if they are so closely related. However, data illustrates that lots of prostitutes are victims. 

Human Trafficking Foundation points to police estimates that 50% of women working in London’s 2,000 brothels have been trafficked. The figure for Amsterdam is Two-thirds according to the former Amsterdam mayor Job Cohen. The author, however, does not think it is true: “This newspaper has never found it plausible that all prostitutes are victims. That fiction is becoming harder to sustain as much of the buying and selling of sex moves online.” Yes, we do hear a lot from so-called sex worker and campaigners that they are not forced into this industry and that policy makers should listen to their voices. Maybe some prostitutes do enjoy their work, but as the data shows most of them do not. Then why do we feel like every prostitute stand for decriminalizing everything in this industry? As Julie Bindel, a famed journalist, said: “What I have discovered, while researching campaigns for the legalization or decriminalization of prostitution in the Netherlands, Ireland and the UK, is that sex industry bosses have an influential voice in such campaigns, often providing funding; and that groups claiming to represent “sex workers” are just as likely to be a voice for pimps as they are to represent the women who earn their living selling sex.” There are some deep dark secrets behind the seemingly “I love my job” fairy tales. The truth is more stakeholders are muted. With little social support and education backgrounds, they can not even fight back. Well, how can you fight back if you are bought from Vietnam and sold to English-speaking countries when you cannot speak English at all?

The author also thinks that with information transparency, both buyers and sellers will be safer and easier to make deals without interfering third parties. I agree that legalizing prostitution makes it safer, but it also leads to other severe consequences like trafficking, exploitation of women, and destruction of families. To ensure safety, other measures can be taken, like supporting prostitutes to find decent jobs and creating more jobs in society. Decriminalizing prostitution is not the only way.

Finally, the author claims that since demand cannot be eliminated, then don’t. “As long as there are men, there will be demand for sex,” Christina Parriera, a sex worker, says. “And that’s OK for the consenting adult women that choose to do this." That sounds ridiculous to me. Women have the same demand for sex as well, but why prostitutes are mostly young females, according to a professor from renmin university of China? Because the main issue here is not demand for sex, but mid-aged and elderly men’s demand for young teenage girls’ sex. And this demand is not justified. This is not sexual liberation; this is not freedom. This is some privileged people with power and money taking advantage of marginalized people. Thus, this demand has to be eliminated.

To sum up, despite that this industry is sugarcoated for some reason, most prostitutes are not willing to sell their bodies; despite that legalizing prostitution may protect both customers and sellers, it is not the best solution; despite that this issue is tough to tackle with, we should never compromise. If someday the majority treat sexual desire just as normal as desire for food, both men and women can order their burgers, and both men and women are willing to be a burger, then decriminalizing prostitution is a good choice. Otherwise, sex work is not just a work.